# CONTRIBUTING

Thank you for considering contributing to this distribution. This file
contains instructions that will help you work with the source code.

The distribution is managed with Dist::Zilla. {{
    if ($has_xs = glob('*.xs')) { <<'HAS_XS'
However, you can still compile
and test the code with a small Makefile.PL specifically for use in the
repository. You can do:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make
    make test

As well as:

  $ prove -lv t/some_test_file.t
HAS_XS
} else { <<'NO_XS'
This means than many of the
usual files you might expect are not in the repository, but are generated
at release time (e.g. Makefile.PL).

However, you can run tests directly using the 'prove' tool:

  $ prove -l
  $ prove -lv t/some_test_file.t
  $ prove -lvr t/

In most cases, 'prove' is entirely sufficent for you to test any
patches you have.
NO_XS
} }}
You may need to satisfy some dependencies. The easiest way to satisfy
dependencies is to install the last release -- this is available at
https://metacpan.org/release/{{ $dist->name }}.

If you use cpanminus, you can do it without downloading the tarball first:

  $ cpanm --reinstall --installdeps --with-recommends {{ $dist->name =~
s/-/::/gr }}

Dist::Zilla is a very powerful authoring tool, but requires a number of
author-specific plugins. If you would like to use it for contributing,
install it from CPAN, then run one of the following commands, depending on
your CPAN client:

  $ cpan `dzil authordeps --missing`
  $ dzil authordeps --missing | cpanm

You should then also install any additional requirements not needed by the
dzil build but may be needed by tests or other development:

  # cpan `dzil listdeps --author --missing`
  $ dzil listdeps --author --missing | cpanm

You can also do this via cpanm directly:

  $ cpanm --reinstall --installdeps --with-develop --with-recommends {{
$dist->name =~ s/-/::/gr }}

Once installed, here are some dzil commands you might try:

  $ dzil build
  $ dzil test
  $ dzil test --release
  $ dzil xtest
  $ dzil listdeps --json
  $ dzil build --notgz

You can learn more about Dist::Zilla at http://dzil.org/.
{{
if ((my $link = $dist->distmeta->{resources}{repository}{web}) =~ /github/) {
"\n" . 'The code for this distribution is hosted at GitHub. The repository is:
' . $link . '
You can submit code changes by forking the repository, pushing your code
changes to your clone, and then submitting a pull request. Detailed
instructions for doing that is available here:

https://help.github.com/
https://help.github.com/articles/creating-a-pull-request' }
}}

If you have found a bug, but do not have an accompanying patch to fix it, you
can submit an issue report here:
{{ $dist->distmeta->{resources}{bugtracker}{web} // 'WARNING: bugtracker data
not set!' }}
or via {{ $dist->distmeta->{resources}{bugtracker}{mailto} // 'WARNING:
bugtracker data not set!' }}.
{{
my $extra = $dist->distmeta->{resources}{x_MailingList}
    ? "\n" . 'There is also a mailing list available for users of this
distribution, at' . "\n" . $dist->distmeta->{resources}{x_MailingList} . '.'
    : '';
$extra .= $dist->distmeta->{resources}{x_IRC}
    ? "\n" . 'There is also an irc channel available for users of this
distribution, at' . "\n" . $dist->distmeta->{resources}{x_IRC} . '.'
    : '';
# send questions to the bugtracker if nowhere better
$extra ||= 'This is a good place to send your questions about the usage of
this distribution.';
}}


This file was generated via {{ ref($plugin) . ' ' . ($plugin->VERSION ||
'<self>') }} from a
template file originating in {{
    my $module = $plugin->dist =~ s/-/::/gr;
    eval "require $module";
    $plugin->dist . '-' . $module->VERSION
}}.
